 Q1   Differences between var, let, and const:
Ans(1)
var.. The scope of a var variable is functional scope.
It can be updated and re-declared into the scope.It can be declared without initialization.
It can be accessed without initialization as its default value is “undefined”.
hoisting done, with initializing as ‘default’ value

let..The scope of a let variable is block scope.It can be updated but cannot be re-declared into the scope.
It can be declared without initialization.

const..The scope of a const variable is block scope.It cannot be updated or re-declared into the scope.
It cannot be declared without initialization.It cannot be accessed without initialization, as it cannot be declared without initialization.
Hoisting is done, but not initialized 

Q2 Difference between undefined vs not defined vs NaN?
Ans(2)...
undefined:It works like when we declared a variable in the code but did not assign the value before printing the variable value
Not defined:It works like when we did not declare the variable and try to call that variable.
NaN - NaN stands for Not a Number. You get this value when you try to do some operation that can't yield a meaningful result.


 Q(3)What is difference between null and undefined and where to use what?
 Ans(3)Undefined... means a variable has been declared but has yet not been assigned a value.
 It is an ECMAScript1 (ES1) feature.
 Null..Null is an assignment value. It can be assigned to a variable as a representation of no value.
  It is a Primitive value in Javascript

 Q4..What is execution context?
 Ans(4)...When the JavaScript engine scans a script file,
it makes an environment called the Execution Context that handles the entire
transformation and execution of the code.
During the context runtime, the parser parses the source
code and allocates memory for the variables and functions.

Q5..What is use of prompt in JavaScript? 
Ans(5)The Javascript prompt() method is used to display a dialog box with an optional
 message prompting the user to input some text. It is often used if the user 
 wants to input a value before entering a page.
 It returns a string containing the text entered by the user, or null. 

 Q6..Why JavaScript is Dyanmic Language?
Ans(6)Being able to change the underlying type of a variable while
 the program is running without causing an error is what makes
  JavaScript a dynamic language.
